Privacy Protection Policy for 100 Blocks Tetrix
100 Blocks Tetrix respects and protects the privacy of all users who use 100 Blocks Tetrix network service. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, 100 Blocks Tetrix will use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this privacy policy. But the 100 Blocks Tetrix will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence. Except as otherwise stipulated in this privacy policy, the 100 Blocks Tetrix will not disclose or provide such information to third parties without your prior permission. 100 Blocks Tetrix updates this privacy policy from time to time. When you agree to the 100 Blocks Tetrix Protocol for the Use of Internet Services, you are deemed to have agreed to the full content of this Privacy Policy. This privacy policy is an integral part of the 100 Blocks Tetrix Network Service Use Protocol.
Scope of application
(a) When you register for the 100 Blocks Tetrix Account, you provide personal registration information according to the requirements of the 100 Blocks Tetrix (except for the business name and related business registration information required by laws and regulations);
B) When you use the 100 Blocks Tetrix Network Service or visit the 100 Blocks Tetrix Platform Web pages, Mailang automatically receives and records information on your browser and computer, including but not limited to your IP address, browser type, language used, access date and time, software and hardware features, and web pages you need. Recording and other data;
C) 100 Blocks Tetrix user personal data obtained from business partners through legal channels.
You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this privacy policy:
A) The keyword information you enter when using the search service provided by the 100 Blocks Tetrix Platform;
B) The relevant information and data collected by the 100 Blocks Tetrix that you released during the 100 Blocks Tetrix;
C) Violation of the law or the rules of Mailang. com and the measures you have taken to ease your driving test.
Information usage
(a) 100 Blocks Tetrix will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party unless prior permission is obtained from you or the third party and Mailang Network (including 100 Blocks Tetrix Associates) provide services for you individually or jointly, and after the end of the service, they will be prohibited from accessing, including by All of this information that was previously accessible.
B) 100 Blocks Tetrix does not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or disseminate your personal information free of charge. If any user of Mailang Platform engages in the above activities, once found, Mailang has the right to terminate the service agreement with that user immediately.
C) For the purpose of serving users, 100 Blocks Tetrix may use your personal information to provide you with information of interest, including, but not limited to, products and services, or to share information with 100 Blocks Tetrix partners so that they can send you information about their products and services (the latter requires you). First agree.
information disclosure
Under the following circumstances, the 100 Blocks Tetrix will disclose all or part of your personal information according to your personal wishes or legal provisions:
(a) Disclosure to a third party with your prior consent;
B) in order to provide the products and services you require, you must share your personal information with a third party.
